well yeah most importantly it was very
sniffing to get a row inverse a very
good team the team has been playing very
very well most important just to
continue to keep our rhythm going you
know we've been feeling a lot better
about the way we've been approaching the
game and playing the game or both hands
on the floor so this is a complete team
winning and we knew it was going on it
was gonna take some time you know you
have two guys they're so used to
something a certain way but then you
start realizing you know what it's great
to have that other guy because it would
take a lot of pressure off me and I
think once we both figure that out it
became a lot of big easier game for us
you know what down the stretch we can go
to each other they say are you kinda let
you do it and we still be effective on
the court the same time we're helping
each other out so it's a big the biggest
changes we've made anything is just
communicating just you know talking to
each other and just saying what guys
that come to with reading the game you
know seeing what the game was thrown at
us and um and besides that just time you
know time is what happened everything
out here we all feel a comfortable we
know kind of you know what we come to
within the games you know and throughout
the game without the flow of the game
you understand matchups myself we
getting better each game and that's
that's all being worried about our me
here and right now it's getting better
you know we you know we would love to
came out in the beginning the year and
win every game but we understand it we
needed that we needed those tough losses
to help us get to the point where we can
win tough games like this on the road I
think and begin the year we wouldn't
know no question we were lost his game
at the Utah made that run two in the
third quarter we would have went another
way but you know we stuck together came
out executed great and get out of fourth
quarter and took Ali and you know
against a very good team so I'm proud of
my team night yeah well you know we both
are trying to be ourselves I'm going to
court the same time but also knowing
that we have that other guy so you know
it was just a change for both of us you
know to come in and want to look for him
and want to give the ball but also you
know you want your greatness to show and
try to go out down these a team we have
to realize that we do have that other
guy so we could play the way we play but
if we don't have it get off of and we
got another guy on the other side that
can do some damage so just a learning
curve and learning process and
you know I think of late we've you know
we've playing grace yet we feel great on
the course together so I don't think we
looked at terrible right now is on
people said we did earlier so far so far
this the toughest win on the season I
mean this is always a place where you
come here if you walk out of here with a
win I mean you feel great you know not
to the point where you know you know we
still got a road trip ahead of us but
for tonight you know we're going to
enjoy it as win because this is a tough
place to to play tough place to win and
now this is a very good ballclub you
know out there so long I feel like I
said I'm proud of my team we feel good
about this win and now hopefully we
continue to get better from here it's
starting to hit a strike like you said I
think everyone can see it you know the
comfort zone it that we get into I mean
the thing that I look at is when things
start to go south a little bit how do we
respond we're responding great you know
we're not panicking too much no we're
talking a lot we communicating a lot and
we understand that teams are going to
make runs but you know we can make just
as big as right as anybody we start to
figure our game about and what we want
to do so um you know our sessions of
film sessions and shooting runs things
been very productive for this team and
we're learning each other's amor well
first of all you know what the team is
getting in a groove you know on the
office and then you want to execute you
want to get good shots I thought we did
that's not thought we got good shots
bunt defense event is what I continue to
make a tough one our big guys you know
did a great job tonight of controlling
the glass of rebound especially in the
fourth quarter and then enabled us to
get out in transition you know a lot of
people don't expect you in full quarter
really run and we was able to do that
and I'm blow the game over here I think
everybody understands basketball and
basketball teams are going to make a run
so you know especially good teams you
know a 12-point lead when the team is at
home is not really a lot especially when
at this team you can play and shoot the
ball so we understood they was gonna
make a run with of course you don't want
them to take to leave but they did but
we was very calm going to the fourth
quarter saying all right let's just
execute let's get back to doing what we
was doing and I would be fine